rnabob - fast RNA motif searching
Copyright (C) 1992-1996 Sean R. Eddy
--------------------------------------

This suite of programs is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

In other words, you are free to modify, copy, or redistribute this
source code and its documentation in any way you like, but you must
distribute all derivative versions as free software under the same
terms that I've provide my code to you (i.e. the GNU General Public
License). This precludes any use of the code in proprietary or
commercial software unless your source code is made freely
available. Incorporation into your software under different terms is
possible only by prior formal negotation with me to obtain a non-GPLed
version of this package.

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this RNABOB release, in the file GNULICENSE; if not, write
to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass. Ave, Cambridge, MA
02139 USA.

----------

Most of the code in patsearch.c is derived from copyrighted but freely
distributable code of Henry Spencer's. patsearch.c carries Spencer's
copyright notice for the University of Toronto in addition to my own.

Much of the code in sqio.c is derived from the freely distributable
"readseq" library by Don Gilbert. sqio.c carries Gilbert's copyright
notice in addition to my own.

Certain functions in sre_math.c are from freely distributable third
party sources, and are credited and copyrighted as marked in the
sre_math.c source.

---------


